feat(ui5-number-input): introduce NumberInput component (#13799)
UI5/webcomponents: packages/website/docs/_components_pages/main/NumberInput.mdx

---
ui5_tag_name: ui5-number-input
ui5_since: 2.24.0
sidebar_class_name: newComponentBadge
---
import Basic from "../../_samples/main/NumberInput/Basic/Basic.md";
import ValuePrecision from "../../_samples/main/NumberInput/ValuePrecision/ValuePrecision.md";
import MinMax from "../../_samples/main/NumberInput/MinMax/MinMax.md";
import States from "../../_samples/main/NumberInput/States/States.md";

<%COMPONENT_OVERVIEW%>

## Basic Sample
<Basic />

<%COMPONENT_METADATA%>

## More Samples

### Min Max
<MinMax />

### Value Precision
<ValuePrecision />

### States

> NumberInput supports several semantic value states, readonly, disabled, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The `ui5-number-input` component supports several semantic value states, read-only mode, and disabled mode.
```
